---
title: Moreramble -12-

firstverse: Ah! It hurts!
---

- < [-10-](/moreramble/10).

---

- *Magenta.* Ah! It hurts!
- *Red.* And you feel nothing anymore!
- *M.* It's about weariness and indifference! The cause of the pain is right here!
- *R.* And what is the result of the said cause! Is it necessary!
- *M.* Pain!
- *R.* It is a pointless pain! Such pain is but an instinctual reaction, Even worms feel it! And such primitive sensations are only contained in the bound entities...\
**(Injects *Magenta* painkiller.)**\
See! Now your body's numb. And what was the point of that sensation?
- *M.* To avoid such destructive actions, for those who didn't feel pain couldn't survive and last!
- *R.* That's of your ancestors, not of you.
- *M.* Then what is my pain!
- *R.* Physical pains can be numbed. The pains that love afflicts, only get stronger on numbed.\
**(Puts her hand in *Magenta*'s open wound.)**\
Your *melting heart*! This is the center and the axis of the world. Nothing is without it.
- *M.* Why is it to be tortured!
- *R.* Do you think that God be?
- *M.* No, I told you.
- *R.* Then devils?
- *M.* I am not sure, but many *can easily be explained* with them.
- *R.* This is what I saw, and what you should believe.\
*God is, or his equivalent. And the devils are, and they are what are not in God's reach.*\
And God has predestinated you to love the world -- that is to hate *the state* of it.
- *M.* Sounds but a perception!
- *R.* It is *our* doctrine. And our first and last Confirmation is this:\
**(Inverts *Magenta* inside out and seals the wound.)**