---
title: Moreramble -6-

firstverse: No? Think of any place you want to make yours!
---

- From [-4-](/moreramble/4).

---

### I.

- *Red.* No? Think of any place you want to make yours!
- *Magenta.* I can't think of one... Well my house can't be one, and any place around here is too miserable...
- *R.* Any of places from your childhood?
- *M.* I don't have the childhood. Or I want it not to be. Any place that is reminiscent of my childhood is *not* my place.
- *R.* Fine... How about places where people don't visit? I know you have them in your memory, like that foggy mountain...
- *M.* Even such remote places have *persons* reaching there, and seeing them is doubly worse than seeing them elsewhere. \
I don't have my place. I don't belong here, and I've always been wandering.
- *R.* Eh, I know a place. Follow me.

### II.

- *M.* Here? The border -- or *the startpoint of the city*? I don't know how this place can be *mine*, that blobs always seem hideous.
- *R.* *Seem*?
- *M.* They *are* hideous too, it's implied. Or, *or* and, it's the same premise for me.
- *R.* Then why *are* they? What is the *reason to be* -- or *reason to be made* -- of them?
- *M.* They exist because this world is filled with philistines! And they house and breed the philistines -- so that *they* can breed too!
- *R.* This place arouses such contempt, with high degree. Higher degree since on the opposite site is the *untouched* lands, which contrast -- which show *that this can be undone!* \
So this place *can be made* yours.
- *M.* Okay. But this place is visited frequently by cyclists. I don't mind them if they *only be cyclists*, but some of them always exhibit outrageous acts -- *out of ordinary acts!*
- *R.* See that small land encircled by the brook? Being covered with the trees, we will be unseen, but you can see outside -- which you should. \
*See those outrages! Remember your duty and destiny!*