---
title: Moreramble -19-

firstverse: Benedictum est spatium illud.
mr_right_align: true
---

<h3>I. Benedictio Prima</h3>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">Red.</span>
Benedictum est spatium illud.
</p>

<h3>II. A Station.</h3>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">Magenta.</span>
Is a place I often visit<br>
In my memories and dreams<br>
But never in daydreamings.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
Covered in glass<br>
With clean tiles<br>
People moving<br>
Always busy<br>
In memories I departed<br>
Unwanted visits from here.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
Dozens of trackways spread outwards<br>
Reaching soulless stations to transport<br>
Local vices and barbarisms.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
I hoped that the tracks loop<br>
Under the ground to meet<br>
So they enclose this earth<br>
And shrink it to nought.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
Where are these people going?<br>
Would be as boring as their jobs<br>
And pointless as their lives<br>
And meaningless as their noises.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
Eggs spread from the mother spider.<br>
I will free yourselves from the sin<br>
Of the inevitable matricide, for<br>
I have come as a stranger here.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
Whither exports this hate?
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
To this world, my heart.<br>
Including this glasscosm.<br>
I maledict this place marked<br>
So it be destroyed in the last day.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
That tree they built on the glass to mock<br>
-- Its roots will shatter their core.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
I am misanthrope at least. This is<br>
Not outrageous to anyone anymore.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
'Tis needless to elaborate.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
I hate what is to be hated.<br>
And this world is full of them.<br>
I hope you get hit by a truck.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
With our heart determined<br>
We won't be tired from driving.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
I am full of hate outward<br>
And full of love inward.<br>
My body is a void inbetween<br>
And the contrasts from them<br>
Are my sensations.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
For love is stronger than hate<br>
Your inner domain will expand<br>
-- That it spread.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
I am treading the unknown path<br>
Surrounded by abhorribles.<br>
But I still have my love in my heart.<br>
The more hate I feel the more I love you<br>
And I can't contain it anymore.<br>
If my words can imitate your sweetness...
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
<i>Inward?</i>
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
I hug my shark plush tight on me and imagine that it's you.
</p>