---
title: Moreramble -25-

firstverse: It's my unconditional that's universal!
mr_right_align: true
---

<h3>I. Continued.</h3>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">Magenta.</span>
<strong><i>[drunk]</i></strong>
It's my unconditional that's universal!
</p>

<p class="clr-b-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">Blue.</span>
Drown, you fool.
</p>

<h3>II. On a cloud.</h3>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">Red.</span>
Ah, he wakes up.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
Normally at this height I only see the earth,<br>
Yet I see them crawling like ants on the ground<br>
Or workers strolling a street seen from a rooftop<br>
-- Maybe I am dreaming.
</p>

<p class="clr-b-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">B.</span>
You need not see them below.<br>
To be fair, to sing and ramble like you did there<br>
You'll have to observe them and draw some repertoires<br>
To elevate your soul, right? Like oil floating on water.
</p>

<p class="clr-b-w">
And you said about discarding the sympathy.<br>
Did you by chance mean empathy instead?
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
No, I've never felt anything <i>near</i> empathy in my life.<br>
I don't have to exaggerate about this. And I'm proud of it.<br>
And I'll assert on diminishing the remaining tendency<br>
To understand the others' feelings.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
See those dots moving from a cell to cell.<br>
What's so interesting about them?<br>
Flies hover above a dead pigeon.<br>
A man passing by sees it, and reminds himself<br>
Of a possible discomfort, not what each fly thinks<br>
Or why they appear hideous and make dysgenic acts<br>
And continue their lives in the system in the first place.<br>
If he is curious, he'd read a book on entomology.<br>
But for me, it'd as pointless as a botched therapy session.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
Insecticiders are not psychopaths.
</p>

<p class="clr-b-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">B.</span>
Maybe I've lived in much difference surroundings<br>
With more pleasant air and substances.<br>
I can invite you guys to my home<br>
For you to relieve yourselves.
</p>

<p class="clr-m-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">M.</span>
Thank you, but here too is okay.<br>
I want this cloud to stay this altitude<br>
Like a sweet aligned dream, where<br>
I can think of him forever.
</p>

<p class="clr-b-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">B.</span>
Yet the wind blows.
</p>

<p class="clr-r-w">
<span class="mr-name-span">R.</span>
But to where?
</p>
