---
title: Moreramble -2-

firstverse: Dramatis Personae.
---

- Continued from [Schramble -15-](/schramble/15).

<h3 id="dp-h3">Dramatis Personae.</h3>
- Magenta.
- Red *the bunny*.

--- 

- *Magenta.* Just what the hell was that?
- *Red.* I've batptized and annointed you as the Pope.
- *M.* What does it mean?
- *R.* I cannot tell you now. It can't be told perfectly now and here.
- *M.* Why? I didn't expect to get the answer, but why did you put the perfectness as the excuse? It doesn't need to be perfect. I am imperfect. My art is imperfect. Yet are not I and my work?
- *R.* What we've got to, it has to be perfect. Some entities are like that, you'd know...
- *M.* No, I don't know. Does your plan even exist? If it be, is it even possible? For I feel like I keep getting false promises, whose goals are never to be done. Aiming for the perfection is pointless, and the beauté arises from the imperfection. I am not a good *drawer* but are they not charged with my emissions? But not full of them, for the final emission is yet to come.
- *R.* See, *that* has to be perfect!

- *M.* Oh, I never expected anyone but me to understand my ramblings. Rambling makes me. My life keeps repeating with some variations like music, and I feel like I don't know the music theory. See, when the moment is gone and I see what I had written, sometimes I think that it needed not be written -- and published. Alcohol often is my excuse, but can it be said that sober I *is* more *I* than drunk I who doesn't pretend to be normal? My writing, with akward expressions and archaisms, with no meters and rhymes, bearing pathetic emotions, exhibits *me* then and now. So no, I don't regret that one. \
God, I am too sober to speak more.

<style>
	#dp-h3 {
		margin: 0;
	}
</style>