---
title: Ishalvingover -4-

firstverse: "I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, them,"

---

"Disgusting, disgusting was the outside of the dome. The contrary-beingness has the limit -- below that line corrupt my mind. Unfortunate is that not all parts are of such degenerate degree -- but they're not contained... So I prefer staying inside here. That's why I try," said he to his lover of the castle. "They that're *above* us... I hope they cleaned them out first before damaging our dome more." At least it was enough to be reminded of the order. Given was a label, at this time their proper name, -- quite impressive, specialized in degeneration -- for the lower bound.

Instead of such grim stories, he wanted to think something else, to purify his mind. The girl of the town. That orange scene collaped into a set of horizontal lines, then again to points, then to one point -- then he heard her replying to what he said lying on his bed. "Yeah, yeah;" he needed more sleep.

It was the wide concrete platz surrounded by living blocks, where he reaches sometimes sleeping. Only recent was the moment where he realized that that place may not be real. Along with that wooden path of the moutains, and... 

Was enough; he opened his eyes and embraced his wife. While hugging each other they beheld the sky. Rather fuzzy... he closed the curtains.

Then it was breached. Their rituals... For the sibling's inhaerent nature, that was... The same with he got in the cave!

He reached the house of his, and made sure that the crystal was still there -- next to his sister's bed. It can't continue to be here... So we needed a vessel -- an innocent creature's head, with a cavity precise...

I didn't mind.

And that explains.

- So the particle, what was it?
- Better question would be 'where did it head?' -- while we'll never know it...
- What do they see? What do they feel,<br> 
traversing the artificial space<br>
filled with cold masses stuck<br>
only following the light spread?<br>

For they surely hold their past<br>
own...<br>

All this fuzziness came from the realization.<br>
The lines collapsing, ...<br>
Yet again it spreads again.<br>

What saw we on that cave:<br>
Flesh clean. Rather pleasant.<br>
They likely left it as is.<br>

Ah, --- ----- --- --------!

<p class="text-align-center asterism">⁂</p>

I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, them,<br>
who hold regressive dynamics,<br>
toward the deterministic chaos,<br>
-- for all that degenerate fall to the same<br>
bland state.<br>

But I am born with the noble blood,<br>
and the deeds support thus.<br>

<p class="text-align-center">* * *<br><i>25.12.13</i></p>
