---
title: Ishalvingover -5-

firstverse: "DRAFT; WIP"
---

As exiting I saw something burning.<br>
Small fire on a negligible building,<br>
-- for which a dozen of fire-trucks<br>
tailed a side of the block.<br>

I only saw black smoke out of the window --<br>
which was, uninteresting --<br>
others may have thought the same, for below the fire the café -- they didn't care.<br>
Fair.<br>

I got outside of that block -- yeah, I visited the place I often visited as a kid.<br>
Not much has changed. But I didn't like it much -- the people watching the fire, and ...<br>
So much shall leave as dream-places.<br>

I walked through the roads but the landscape (or blockspace) didn't change much.<br>
It was likely because I crossed the river.<br>
I'm tired. So I took usual way to get back home.<br>

I hate this world.<br>

Well, I had my guitar fixed.

They were on board to another planet. But I prefered this space without gravity. "There has to be a solution to suppress..." I thought eyeing the window, "they that imitate in bad faith the lines... without the ultimate inference..."
Landed; again.
Thence I walked along the trainway (or the wall covering it). It spread over the surface to manifest its grave concrete... yet even there the parasites.

Weh! Weh! Foul smell!
So I left aside and looked up
the blurry star...
"You know... it's always more from above!"
Blurred more.

(Here is whence I see the path)

*** *** **** * *** ***** *** **** ** *** ******* ** * ****** ****** *** ******** ***** ***** ** **** ******** ** * **** ** ********* *** ***** ****** ** ***** ***** ********* **** ***** ** *** ******** ******** ** *** ***** **** *********** ** * **** **** ** **** * *** ***** ****** ******** *** ******* *** *************** ******* *** ******** ** ***** ** * ********* **** *** ********** *** ********* ***** ** **** ********* **********

Ah forget it; they are to be shown.

But for now, I got to take a nap. -- I'll tell you what I saw there. -- Right now I'm a bit tired, ...

First, and impression prima.

[2D]

&: that, even while my soul be designated initially with my body, it is floating.

To talk about imitating automata. The problem is the high-dimensional-output, which had been holding expectations -- the culprit is, as always, the insentient peoples.

To talk about the sibling again. [later]

To talk about that impressio prima again: For now the drawn is not in my hands. It was contained, w/ sizable margins. Such *high-dimension* impressions accompany with text. Next: on divinity.
