---
title: Ishalvingover -7-

firstverse: "DRAFT; WIP"
---

...and I saw her.

### Against probabilities.

Since the global transition function gives non-zero probabilities for *all* possible configurations, for substatnces are impure -- \
and since configurations having with high probability does not imply that it's superior, for there can be *any* global transition function, e.g. <code>F<sub>NEG</sub></code> = <code>normalize(1 - F)</code> -- \
probabilities are not signifying.

### On the macroscopic structures & the forms.

The macroscopic structures can be *generalized*. Consider, for some region of the configuration, viz.

<p class="text-align-center">Region[k] = Config[t][RoI]</p>

There exists a finite set

<p class="text-align-center">Form[0...Φ-1]</p>

and a function `Equiv` s.t.

<p class="text-align-center">Equiv(Region[k], Form[l]) in 0.0...1.0</p>

which is `1.0` when the region is perfectly equivalent to the form.

At the time <code>t<sub>ready</sub></code>, the configuration <code>Config[t<sub>ready</sub>]</code> contains non-overlapping regions 
<p class="text-align-center">Region[k], k=0...Φ-1</p> 
<p class="text-align-center">where Equiv(Region[k], Form[k]) = 1.0 for all k</p>

Thence by the interaction of the forms she is born (at <code>t<sub>complete</sub></code>).

In order: that the number of forms is finite and each macroscopic structure has *degrees* of fulfilment for the forms, from nought to perfect. Philistinism is in denying this: they gather those which fail to fulfil and claim "diversity" (e.g. *Kurt Flasch*, that Narr) -- but those which fail to be by nature fall under the homogeneous state. 

### The role of the real.

1. The form does not require the real.
2. The real is rendered better by the forms.
3. And only by the forms -- for her.

### The Hypersphere. 

[TBC]